---
title: Angular and All Things Hipster
---

# Angular and Rails - The Unexpected Hipster Journey

Thanks to [@hipsterhacker](https://twitter.com/hipsterhacker) and his
fellow hipster disciples, [Angular](http://angularjs.org/) has been
getting a lot of traction / buzz of late. In my quest to brandish the
greatest loafers and cardigan of them all, I decided to try my hand at
Angular. 

## Starting Point - Thinkster

By way of Hacker News, I stumbled upon an [angular
tutorial](http://www.thinkster.io/pick/GUIDJbpIie/angularjs-tutorial-learn-to-build-modern-web-apps)
 that walks you through how to build a fantasy football application in node and
angular, a stack that
[@hipsterhacker](https://twitter.com/hipsterhacker) would be proud of.
Being a big football fanatic myself, I was really excited about the
idea. It looks like this tutorial is interconnected with an angular
[text book](http://www.thinkster.io/pick/GtaQ0oMGIl/a-better-way-to-learn-angularjs#item-51e78b7e505a417713000002)
 of sorts also found on their site. My Plan is to read through both of
these resources and put together a nice front-end application and take
notes along the way.

## My Railsy Background

For those of you who don't know my background, my stack is typically
[Rails](http://rubyonrails.org/) on the back end and
[Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/) on the front end. My front end
magic typically just consists of finding random open source javascript
libraries and hacking them into my app, nothing too complex. The whole
point of this exercise is to learn to level up my front end expertise.
My observations and background will be very much influenced by my
typical stack, so try and forgive my ignorance as I cruise through this
stuff. This is meant to be a learning journal of sorts, maybe I'll
find someone on the interwebs who will benefit along the way.
